Dude. I loved, I love you guys, man. Thanks for listening.
Even though my producer obviously has some pent up about me,
because he said obviously to me,
we're going to do Los Angeles Craig's lists because that's where it's at. Dude,
LA baby. I rap LA. I'm not even 40 dude.
I'm young as, bro. Have you seen how young I am?
It's insane. I'm so young.
Have you seen a picture of me? It's unbelievable. It's like,
I'm getting younger. Here we go. Los Angeles misconnections.
You love pancakes. K fat.
Any girl want to go get some? I hop it's on me. I want to go out more but
hair to do it alone. Have to do it alone. I mean, how do you miss that?
Hate to do it alone. Also planning on going to see the national parks,
but that's something that okay. I mean,
yeah, no, man. How about a separate post or just, you know,
don't even post any of them.
If you would like to join me on those adventure too,
then you are more than welcome. Who wrote this? Yamani Georgia
do not contact with unsolicited services or offers what you love.
Why you love pancakes? Why is it so aggressive, man? You love pancakes.
Wow, dude,
the internet has every thing, dude.
Oh my God. This might be the best title ever so far. Car BJ,
suction and SFV for a horny by skilled. Oh
my favorite part is skilled, bro. Hey man,
anyone dude,
like it's a text to one person. Hey man,
anyone interested?
Cool DL dude GL normal D free chill guide
down to suck in your car if you need it. I know the good spots. No worries.
Be cool. Normal DD free and ready to bust. All good.
Do not contact me on unsolicited services offers dude.
Ready to bus?
What you're doing? Just a guy that wants to get, do something, bro,
bro. Ready to bust. Hey man. Anyone interested? Um,
so many life. Hey man,
anyone I'm interested? I'm cool. DL do GL normal DD free with chill guy,
PSU, PS4 BGG F T H O
lost his mind.
There was some place that was selling free letters and he them all I
got these extra letters might as well put them in this Facebook post car BJ
suction SFV for horny, by skilled bro. And he wanted just a cool deal, dude.
GL normal DD free. This guy's this guy's out to lunch, bro.
Just so many letters.
Don't contact this dude with solicited services in our first, our next one.
Oh.
So romantic. This one, we need to hold hands.
I walk along the cliffs, overlooking this ocean with Walter, my bulldog,
but children's puck.
He,
he won't hold my hand.
Will you? Wonderful man needs a lady. Okay.
Dude.
Wow. This guy thought he was clever. Well, my dog won't hold my hand. Will you?
But by the way, your dog will hold your hand. If you just put your hand up,
do not contact me with unsolicited services or offers.
We need to hold hands a walk along the cliffs,
overlooking the ocean with Walter, my bulldog.
You won't hold my hand. Will you?
Hey guy.
Wow. Well one with the Bulldogs thinking this guy Bulldogs like, Oh this guy.
So lonely,
young athletic baseball player.
Where is my young athletic baseball player? His name is Johnny.
And he used to play ball in high school.
He would drop by my place regularly for some great head. Jesus,
the way these just open up the limit.
You know what I mean? Like it's some of these, I love how they're so normal.
And then just.
Open.
Up the limit with some great head, you know, totally normal.
Where's my young athletic baseball player. His name is Johnny.
He used to play ball in high school. He would drop on my place regularly,
regularly for some great head.
[Inaudible].
Where is my young baseball player?
His name is Johnny and he used to play ball in high school.
He would drop by my place regularly for some great.
[Inaudible]
intercut, baseball, sliding,
and then suck it with the ball
there. Johnny baseball player. Yeah. And then the reverse jerk.
You ever have a.
I don't know. I mean, I shouldn't talk about this, but.
I did.
Do it. Uh, uh, he said I was better than his girlfriend.
If this is you hit me up. I miss you. If not though,
this sounds good to you hit me up. Oh, I like how he doesn't even need the guy.
Hey, but listen though,
if it's not you and this is and you're chilling and you just feel like.
Do it and you just feel like
more running slide, safe,
more Gerkin dude. Oh, a montage where a guy with.
You're playing baseball and dude, Oh my God, bro.
That nothing would be funnier than that. If I,
if somebody please on the internet make a montage of guys playing
baseball and also getting head,
yo you know what? That would be the funniest thing.
But I gotta tell you the guy that the clips of the guys getting ahead,
that it has to be really quick. You can't dwell on it.
It has to be like guys sliding, running, hitting a ball,
fans like ah, and then just real quick, like, uh, like, uh, like that quick,
if this is you hit me up. I miss you. If not though,
this sounds like it sounds good to you hit me up.
You must be under 30 years old. No ex no exceptions. Wow.
Wow dude. So that's the limit then? The,
the limit is one day over 30. Uh,
you must have gotten a 30 year old, no exceptions, DDF, DDF,
athletic to good shape and enjoy kicking back.
Kicking back. Young athletic build, kicking back.
Straight, married and curious guys encouraged to respond.
Do not contact me the unsolicited services or offers. Wow, bro.
That might be my favorite post of all time.
Jesus. Oh.
A guy sliding into second and then getting sucked.
That's so dude, such a. My pants last night.
Double tapered. Wow. Well we had a good one.